---
layout: post
title: Welcome!
tags: [personal]
---

In case it isn’t obvious from the title of this first post, this site is basically me trying to start on a clean page this summer. After about a year or two of pushing things off and being “too busy”, I’ve decided to give this blog thing another try and take it a little more seriously than I did before. And that’s saying something because I *did* try to take it seriously the first time around. The one big difference now, though, is that I won’t be writing anonymously.

I don’t exactly know why I decided to do this as myself this time, after all, being anonymous on the internet has a certain freedom to it. But I think it mostly has to do with me trying to finally tie my online identity together in a way. I’ve already fixed up my Twitter and Instagram accounts for that reason and this site, I think is the next step for me. In addition to this being a blog for me to write on, I intend for this to also act as my current personal website and maybe an extension of another one I’ll make later on once I have a reason to separate the blog portion from the professional portion. So for now, I want this to be a site that I can also use to showcase myself and my work, like photos and design projects, in a professional way.

I’ve also been inspired recently by a friend of mine with how clear and focused she is with her goals - which pretty much made me realize how much I’ve been slacking in comparison. I hope this little blog project will also be a way to keep myself on track and constantly striving towards my goals so I don’t end up falling behind. Honestly, some of it could be peer pressure, some of it could be self-motivation, but I don’t think anything bad can come out of trying so I’m just going to see where this goes and go with it!
